And what are those? And also it is called mindfulness. All the mindfulness, all train of the mind,
is mindfulness.
We make it more closely connected to the way things are, not carried by the force of our kind of
like mundane thought.
It will become more closely connected to the way things are.
And then you are looking totally with the way things are, and observing.
And when we do this, then what it does? It becomes more practical, more sensible, more sensible.
And then it will also do that for ourselves, more common senses.
More words, that means more words don't shine, not become wild, kind of like, no kind of practical
things.
So it will completely become so sad. And that is the core training of the mind.
And what is the process taking on, again, our beautiful lives, British lives?
Second is, reflecting our mind on our British lives. Reflecting mind on impermanence.
Reflecting mind on cause and result or effort in evidence.
And the reflect in the samsara, in this world, has like challenges and difficulties.
Challenges, unstable things in this world. You are reflecting your mind to death.
This is, as I say, it is known as also poor kind of mindfulness practices.
And the precious life is that, again, life is so precious.
Each of our lives and every one's life is so precious.
So sweet, so beautiful, precious.
This precious life is regardless of what time we've got this. It's not just, okay, go accidentally.
It has so many beautiful calls and condemnations.
I'm just talking, I really believe in that. But you can read this, though.
Many books, really, it's true. Not talking stories of the petty tales
or not talking of the story of someone else.
It's talking of empathy, the way things are in this world, what we have.
It's true, practical, Western world, looking to God, to kind of appreciating and reflecting that.
That's what it is. Really, life is so precious.
This life is not just happened by itself.
It has a lot of beautiful calls and condemnations, poor to life, this beautiful life.
And feel happy in the joy. How wonderful, how thankful.
It's, again, another form of joy and appreciation.
When we have this opportunity, beautiful life, it's not going to stay forever.
Again, this is not here in the kind of a tracking story to that.
But true, it is not going to stay forever.
No. Also, it's changing every time. Every time. Every time changing.
So, therefore, have some courage, some commitment that I'm going to use this life something
beautiful.
Thinking of that is known as impermanent.
It takes a reflection that impermanent.
And it's like impervious. React is a pridal. It's not permanent. It's changing. Continues changing.
Changing one after another.
And there are varieties of all the uncertain things that can come.
This spiritual life can be spoiled.
And while we have part of beautiful life, beautiful thing, we should do something for beautiful
benefit, beautiful qualities.
Which, then, that's known as we're making wise ourselves, more practical ourselves.
Thinking, using time and opportunity to do this.
So, thank you for laughing at the impermanent.
Impermanent also during me is bad.
Because impermanent is bad, good, because we can make a change.
Because impermanent, that's why we are here.
If there's no impermanent, we won't be like what we are now.
And also if one underneath, it will not going to happen. Is that what we are?
Everyone won't see like that. It will change.
So, life is precious, opportunity is precious, but it is not going to stay forever.
And therefore, take the opportunity.
And back this time, something worthwhile and special, something meaningful.
For my son, to my family, my friends, to everyone.
And for my future.
And in the Buddha's teaching, for Buddhism, life is not just ended here, ended here.
It will continue the next month.
Whatever we do now, we will reflect in the future.
What we are now is known as result of the past or past lives.
So, when thinking of what we are now, now what we are, that way, our past is not bad.
We must do good at all the Buddhism.
Really good. It's a logic.
Logic, it is because look into us, even though we don't see the past alive in the past,
but look into ourselves.
Oh, we did quite okay, quite good in past, because I'm quite good.
I'm happy now. I'm like good.
And what we are activating, what we are doing now,
when we reflect that result in the future, of course, this time,
what we do now will reflect the result also to now, too, a little bit.
But the biggest one, according to Buddhism, it will reflect in the future, in the next lifetime.
So, therefore, everyone has to have the future bright.
Future is unknown for us.
We don't see the future.
But definitely the future will be there.
Because even though we don't see it yet in 2020,
we don't see it yet in 2025, '20, '20, '30, '30, yet in 2020, all of that,
but even we don't see that when we did, it will come.
It will come.
Similarly, even we don't see our future lives,
but they will be future lives according to Buddhism.
It's not a word to end.
So, whatever we do there, it really will reflect all,
which is it.
And therefore, when we do the good activities now,
that will reflect all the future, future will be bright.
So, therefore, this time, this prison time is so great,
so important to do good things for us, to others, to everyone.
That's what we think of these eight boundaries.
And then cause and effort are inevitable.
Cause and effort are inevitable in a short term and in long terms.
All that, whatever we do in a short time, whatever good activity we do,
that also will bring the result the same way.
It will blend with the flow in our garden in a short time, it will bring flowers.
If we continue to take care of that, it will bring flowers.
If we didn't blend the flow in our garden, and it won't bring flowers.
It will be the same logic, simple logic, but it will be true.
It really will reflect.
And then according to the Buddha's teaching, according to the Buddhism,
whatever the activity we do, partly related to our strong emotions,
strong emotions such as positive emotions, negative emotions,
whatever activity we do there,
that will reflect the result some really immediately,
but the biggest result will reflect in the future lives.
That's according to the teacher.
It will reflect.
Therefore, if anything that will be good activity with positive,
strong positive mind, then it will be really good for the future.
And that was known as in Buddhism, dharma.
That many of you know all dharma means something that activity we did did.
dharma is not coming from outside, it's our own days.
As we were through many times, the teachings.
The teachings and you know that.
So it's all our activities.
It's all our activities.
So therefore, every kind of activity we can be very thoughtful,
and we can be very careful,
and reflecting our mind to our every action.
That is known as also mindfulness.
Our activities are guided by mindfulness and alertness,
and more thoughtful, then it's really its own practice.
It's mindfulness.
It's all mindfulness.
We don't have that.
That means mindfulness means wisdom.
It's guided by our activities, by wisdom,
which is very beautiful and very special.
So those are known as breathing.
We karma.
Or let me call it effortless mind.
And then reflecting mind in the samsara, in this world.
This samsara world has a lot of challenges,
a lot of differences, a lot of uncertainties.
That is always being like that.
That's the old samsara or the old world.
So therefore, we can strong ourselves.
Strong ourselves, really.
Trying to strengthen ourselves in the courage,
in the commitment, do good things.
And be courageous, be strong.
And we then understand it,
and also use our time for the beautiful purpose,
to benefit ourselves, all the things.
So samsara has a challenge,
samsara has a difficulty, and that.
Even though difficulty is also not just bad,
it has always been solved.
It always has meanings.
It's not just happening itself.
It has always meanings.
Even sometimes bad things happen, it looks like happening.
But from that, we can learn.
We can become even more stronger, more wisdom.
More gain can gain from the difficult times.
Even it looks like very difficult.
And that really happens.
And so many great masters, those enlightened beings,
they experience a lot of difficulties,
a lot of challenges one after another.
But those challenges are difficulties
that make them as their great enlightened beings, after that.
We keep the courage in the commitment.
So challenges are not always bad,
but yet there's a lot of challenges and difficulties.
So those are known as poor training of the mind,
or poor renunciation, and which is obvious
is good to reflect in those minds, on those meanings,
every time when you practice this.
Again, of course, I mentioned that a lot,
that in the details you can find in the book.
But when you reflect in that simple way,
what it is, British life,
the impermanent cause and effort are inevitable,
and samsara has difficult, or the world has uncertain.
Kind of prepare ourselves to have that poor.
Poor is known as poor training of the mind.
What it does, I say so many times,
it will soften our mind.
We become more sensible.
We become more practical.
It will connect ourselves to the nature.
It will connect by this.
And this is also, according to the teaching,
for the Lord of the greatest teacher,
Buddha Shakyamuni, gave the thoughts in his teaching,
what is it called?
Poor, noble, true teachings.
So this poor renunciation of thought
is both his true, true teachings,
such as suffering true, cause of suffering true.
That is basic, his false, true teachings.
Now, once we have the depth, understanding,
beautifully of this, this suffering true,
the cause of suffering true,
then we follow the path.
Any path is practice, path of truth.
When you follow the path of truth,
then when it comes, it will come,
then the cessation of truth, according to the point of truth.
That is achievement and a result,
result, cessation of truth.
So now we begin the practices.
When you come to the practice,
there is the effort.
If you are talking at the mindral level, mindral level,
then we practice it.
There are six different practices.
That I will again go into.
Many of you know already, but many of you don't know.
I like to just highlight a lot of the six different practices.